docs(release): adjustments and new values added (#2325)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

== Improvements

=== Bonita Runtime 

==== Technical version change to 8.x.y

> Based on the https://semver.org/[semantic versionning management standards], removing technically the multi-tenancy from Bonita Runtime is a breaking change and requires a technical version change. 

Reviewer: Point the removed part or API break ?

> Based on the https://semver.org/[semantic versionning management standards], removing technically the multi-tenancy from Bonita Runtime is a breaking change and requires a technical version change. 

Reviewer 2: Just a suggestion to make it more appealing for a user reading the RN, we could say somethinhg like:
```suggestion
Bonita 2023.1 introduces a new multi-runtime architecture. This change comes with a new way to handle multi-tenants use cases and thus the removal of the multi-tenancy as it is currently known.
Based on the https://semver.org/[semantic versioning management standards], these changes require a technical version change. 
```
